you've treated Ms we have but Ms is much
more tricky because there is an
autoimmune component to it there's a lot
of other components to it with and
that's where it becomes you have to take
a holistic approach so the way we're
going to treat Ms which we're working on
is we're going to have the second
generation of stem cells so what that
means is instead of just using umbilical
core stem cells we create what are
called Gene edited stem cells so we can
actually take so this is this is what uh
professor yamanaka in Japan he won a
Nobel Prize in 2014 uh
for what's called discovery of plur
induced plur potent stem cells ipscs so
what he discovered was that you could
take any somatic cell in your body like
a muscle a skin cell and you can
reprogram it using genetic reprogramming
to and turn it back into an embryonic
stem cell state